chore: create meeting_minutes.md (#1014)
finos/git-proxy: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/meeting_minutes.md

---

> name: "\U0001F91D Git Proxy Meeting Minutes"
> about: To track Git Proxy meeting agenda and attendance
> title: DD MMM YYYY - Git Proxy Meeting Minutes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name: "\U0001F91D GitProxy Meeting Minutes"
about: To track GitProxy meeting agenda and attendance
title: DD MMM YYYY - GitProxy Meeting Minutes
```

labels: meeting
assignees: 

---

 ## Date
YYYYMMDD - time

## Meeting info
- [Meeting link](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meeting/95849833904?password=99413314-d03a-4b1c-b682-1ede2c399595)

- [Register for future meetings](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meeting/95849833904?password=99413314-d03a-4b1c-b682-1ede2c399595&invite=true)

## Untracked attendees

> - Fullname, Affiliation, (optional) GitHub username

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Full Name, Affiliation, (optional) GitHub username
```
